Continue product migration doc (4.6) (#2181)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/data_migration/importing_data.md

[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/create_customer_group.yaml') =]]
```

#### Product prices

The following example shows how to create a price for a product identified by its code:

``` yaml
[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/create_product_price.yaml') =]]
```

#### Product assets

> The following example create an image [Content item](#content-items) from a local image file then use it as a product asset for a variant ([created in previous example](#product-variant)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates an image [Content item](#content-items) from a local image file, and then uses it as a product asset for a variant ([created in previous example](#product-variant)):
```

``` yaml
[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/create_product_asset.yaml') =]]
```

> This migration uses a [reference](managing_migrations.md#references) to store the created image Content ID then use it while creating the asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This migration uses a [reference](managing_migrations.md#references) to store the created image Content ID, and then uses it while creating the asset.
```
